Merge clean changes of docker build (#16)
Zalk0/ChouetteBot-discord: README.md

---
### Docker
[![Docker Image](https://github.com/Zalk0/ChouetteBot-discord/actions/workflows/docker-image.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/Zalk0/ChouetteBot-discord/actions/workflows/docker-image.yml)

> You can use a Docker image to deploy the bot. It's currently supporting amd64, armv6 and armv7 architectures. We provide deployement informations on the Docker Hub repository.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use a Docker image to deploy the bot. It's currently supporting amd64, armv6 and armv7 architectures. We provide deployment information on the Docker Hub repository.
```
